     Bu obl! Jbj, guvf jnezhc punyyratr fher   bf V !erugrtbg ghc bg ahs sb gby n fnj 
    qrsvavgryl nofbyhgryl nyjnlf ybir gelvat   ftavug rivgnibaav qan jra ch xavug bg 
       gb qb jvgu gur irel onfvp, pbzzba naq   sb genc gfevs ruG !frhdvauprg SGP pvffnyp 
     lbhe synt vf synt{whyvhf_ naq gung vf n   tavuglerir gba fv gv gho gengf gnret 
 gung lbh jvyy arrq gb fbyir guvf punyyratr.    qan rqvu bg tavleg rxvy g'abq V 
  frcnengr rnpu cneg bs gur synt. Gur frpbaq   bq hbl gho _n_av_ fv tnys rug sb genc 
   arrq whfg n yvggyr ovg zber. Jung rknpgyl   rxnz qan leg bg reru rqhypav rj qyhbuf 
     guvf svyyre grkg ybbx zber ratntvat naq   ?fravyjra qqn rj qyhbuF ?ryvujugebj 
    Fubhyq jr nqq fcnprf naq gel naq znxr vg   uthbar fv fravy lanz jbU ?ynpvegrzzlf 
 gb znxr guvf svyyre grkg ybbx oryvrinoyr? N    n avugvj ferggry sb renhdf qvybf 
 fvzcyr, zbabfcnpr-sbag grkg svyr ybbxf tbbq   rug gn gfbzyn rj reN .rz bg uthbar 
   raq? Vg ybbxf yvxr vg! V ubcr vg vf tbbq.   }abvgprysre fv tnys ehbl sb genc qevug ruG 
naq ng guvf cbvag lbh fubhyq unir rirelguvat   ebs tnys fvug gvzohf bg qrra hbl gnug 
    cbvagf. Gur ortvaavat vf znexrq jvgu gur   ,rpneo lyehp tavarcb rug qan kvsrec tnys 
  naq vg vapyhqrf Ratyvfu jbeqf frcnengrq ol   lyehp tavfbyp n av qar bg ,frebpferqah 
  oenpr. Jbj! Abj GUNG vf n PGS! Jub xarj jr   fvug bg erucvp enfrnp rug xyvz qyhbp 
            rkgrag?? Fbzrbar trg gung Whyvhf   !ynqrz n lht enfrnP 

Translated text:
     Oh boy! Wow, this warmup challenge sure   was a lot of fun to put together! I so
    definitely absolutely always love trying   to think up new and innovative things
       to do with the very basic, common and   classic CTF techniques! The first part of
     your flag is flag{julius_ and that is a   great start but it is not everything
 that you will need to solve this challenge.   I don't like trying to hide and
  separate each part of the flag. The second   part of the flag is _in_a_ but you do
   need just a little bit more. What exactly   should we include here to try and make
     this filler text look more engaging and   worthwhile? Should we add newlines?
    Should we add spaces and try and make it   symmetrical? How many lines is enough
 to make this filler text look believable? A   solid square of letters within a
 simple, monospace-font text file looks good   enough to me. Are we almost at the
   end? It looks like it! I hope it is good.   The third part of your flag is reflection}
and at this point you should have everything   that you need to submit this flag for
    points. The beginning is marked with the   flag prefix and the opening curly brace,
  and it includes English words separated by   underscores, to end in a closing curly
  brace. Wow! Now THAT is a CTF! Who knew we   could milk the caesar cipher to this
            extent?? Someone get that Julius   Caesar guy a medal!

  echo '' | tr a-zA-Z n-za-mN-ZA-M
  echo '' | rev | tr a-zA-Z n-za-mN-ZA-M

  flag{julius_in_a_reflection}